TDP-3037 Recording feature (#226)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/verbs/resumeRecording.md

{% method %}
## XML: `<ResumeRecording>`

> The ResumeRecording verb resumes a recording that was paused by a preceding [`<PauseRecording>`](pauseRecording.md) verb. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ResumeRecording verb resumes a recording that was previously paused by a [`<PauseRecording>`](pauseRecording.md) verb. 
```

> Audio that occurs between the [`<PauseRecording>`](pauseRecording.md) and `<ResumeRecording>` tag will not be present in the recording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Audio that occurs between a [`<PauseRecording>`](pauseRecording.md) verb and a `<ResumeRecording>` verb will not be present in the recording.
```
